Hello, what about youtube and youtube?
youtube how are good people, well, I
I'm Daniel for credits and we started
with a new video well this video
I had already been asked by several people
on the channel in the video where they
I explain how to download songs
bought from itunes well then the video
will be how to play music files
audio to your iphone ipod ipad and all your
devices to joe is so we're going to
start with this video the only thing that
we will need is itunes
the itunes program on the official
support so that they have the most
current good does not matter the version but
they urge me to then the only thing that
obviously and obviously the song or the
audio file to be able to pass it to
our device well once
having the iTunes open we have to
connect our iphone strike by
our ipad in this case already connect my
iphone what I think of how many gigas
is the serial number dropped is I have
etcetera and also the backups well
here in this option where we have all
the information we see that we have a menu
at the left-side
well here we will go to the section where
says music and x2 will appear all the
music that our iphone has
ipod our devices with ios
both purchased and the voice notes the
audio notes that we record in
the iphone will also appear in the
good music section to spend music
from the iTunes library is good is very
simple in fact the only thing we have
what to do is give where it says add to
and will show us the albos we have
in the iTunes library in our
bookstore the only thing that we will have to
do to pass the music to our
device would drag the album in
the case of some or the song to the menu
that appears on the right side and
drop it on the top
appear a status bar where
they would be passing the songs archives
audio to our iphone device
on the iphone we will see the icon of
synchronization on the top with
two arrows following each other going to
study and you will see it here
We will give the ok when we already
we have selected the songs that
we want to move to our device with
ios we already give in ok and good then here
well they go by pretty fast so
they will not notice it if they pass
enough will appear a circle will appear
dotted in this part showing the
state of the song that we are going through
okay now if we do not have any song
added to the iTunes library what
only thing we have to do would be
drag the music to this section
that would be something like that look here we have
our audio file is a
file 4a which are the archives
used and nothing else we will drag it
to the program and we itunes
we will jump creating a link and so
synchronize already what is the file
audio to our device with year west
this is very simple but good
I wanted to do it because they asked me
enough people in the video of
download music from itunes well
here I have them for themselves
in case you have that big doubt in the end
people I am daniel to tutor you and
see you this was a pretty short day
I hope it worked for them and well
they need some other video about it is
that I can do with pleasure leave me a
comment and I will answer it clean in
his respective video I am daniel for
that you all see each other in the next
shrimp video of blows and I'm going to
you listen and because I'm sick to
many people